Don't do it, Jun-hui--
- Are you okay?
- My gosh.
See? I told you.
Those two are a couple.
Why am I being treated like a lunatic?
I'm going to sue all of you.
Please be quiet and sit down.
Okay? Sit down.
Jin-a.
Hey.
- Let's talk later.
- Why later?
Gyu-min!
Mom.
My goodness, Gyu-min. What happened?
Who did this? Who did this to you?
Wait, aren't you Jin-a?
Hello.
Did you two fight?
I'm sorry.
You're unbelievable.
How could you beat a guy up like this?
My sister's the victim.
You can talk things out later.
First, I need to talk to your guardians.
Are you his guardian?
Yes.
Who's her guardian?
Please show me your IDs.
You kept denying it. Have some shame.
EPISODE 7
Get in.
Jin-a, I need to have a word with you.
We just settled everything.
What else is there to talk about?
You can talk to me if you need to.
Who are you to meddle in?
Then I will go ahead
and have a word with your son
while you talk to my sister, all right?
- What did you just say?
- Do you expect me to be polite to you?
Seung-ho, enough.
You should just leave.
And who are you?
Is this guy your brother too?
I'm...
- I'm her brother's--
- He's my boyfriend.
Aren't you coming in?
Why are you standing there?
Come on. Let's go in.
- Gosh, seriously.
- I'm sorry, Seung-ho.
Hey, Jin-a! Wait!
You don't seem like you are hungover.
Didn't you stay out late?
- You didn't drink last night?
- No.
Then what did you
and Gyeong-seon do all night?
Oh, right. Why didn't you tell me
that Jun-hui was the one
who gave you a ride
when you went on the business trip?
Answer me.
My gosh, Seung-ho. Are you leaving now?
Seung-ho, wait.
I will talk to Seung-ho.
Then what?
Are we going to take turns
to explain ourselves to everyone?
Why does it have to be so complicated?
Are you worth all this trouble?
Are you blaming everything on me now?
It's simple. Just like any other couple,
we met and started dating.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Putting it that way
makes it sound like
it's not a big deal at all.
It's true though.
But why do I find it so hard already?
I mean, Seung-ho is the only one
who knows about us now.
Try not to stress over it.
I'll take all the blame.
I won't let them blame you for everything.
All right,
then you take the bullet for me.
Goodness.
Don't worry. I'll be a better boyfriend.
You'd better. I'll punch you
if you don't keep your word.
Do you see anything up there?
I don't see anything.
What are you looking at?
I can't see anything.
I don't see any flaws.
The head office might think
I was too lenient with you.
Because you want my help?
Maybe you can actually help me
and give me a reason
to be lenient with you.
I'll try to leave the store messy
next time you come.
Did you have fun in Gangwon-do?
You went there with Jin-a.
I heard Ms. Geum went there, too.
Didn't you go?
This is my first time hearing about it.
Did you go to Gangwon-do with Jin-a?
MS. TAMBOURINE
What is going on?
KIM SEUNG-CHEOL
Hello, this is Geum Bo-ra.
It's Geum Bo-ra.
Geum Bo-ra.
Yes, Ms. Geum. How can I help you?
Jun-hui?
Sure.
Jun-hui.
It's Ms. Geum.
For me?
Hello?
Yes.
I really do owe you a meal.
I'll text you my number.
You can call me directly next time.
What's going on?
Yes.
Of course.
I'm free whenever, so make time for me.
Okay.
Hey. Is...
Is she the one?
It was her, not a married woman?
Stop talking nonsense.
Jun-hui.
You finally came around.
Good job.
- Hey, wait.
- Good.
I'll take good care of Se-yeong.
What?
I got this.
Gosh, that little punk.
Here's your coffee.
They did go to Gangwon-do.
That's so ridiculous.
Why did they leave me out?
Maybe you have been
leaving them out in the cold.
No way.
Maybe Jin-a is, but Bo-ra is not the type
to go on a trip with coworkers.
Have Jun-hui ever mentioned her to you?
Her name is Geum Bo-ra,
and she's one of my colleagues.
He never talks about girls to me.
Why? Is there something going on
between the two?
- Not exactly.
- Thank you.
But they seem close.
That's possible
if she's Jin-a's colleague.
Right.
Well...
Do you know what type of woman
Jun-hui likes?
Are you asking me if you are his type?
Yes, that's what I really want to know.
What kind of family does
Ms. Geum come from?
Her family?
Is it a prestigious family?
It has to be above average.
The more reputable, the better.
It's what our parents want dearly.
Jun-hui isn't an easy target, is he?
Ma'am, for this level of damage,
buying a new phone would cost you less
than getting it repaired.
Yes, I thought so.
I did want to change my phone.
- In that case...
- Yes.
This phone is
under Mr. Lee Gyu-min's name.
- Yes.
- Is he a family member?
No.
Under the current law,
the account holder
has to be here in person.
What if he can't be here in person?
In that case, you can't change your phone.
Even though I have been paying the bill
and the installment payments?
That doesn't matter.
Do you mean I can't change
my phone on my own?
Not under the current law.
Why didn't you pick up the phone?
Don't talk about phones.
You still have to listen to me.
What?
Wait, what? What is this about?
You'd better be good to me
now that I have something on you.
I don't think being good to you is enough.
I'd better pledge my life to you.
Thanks anyway.
You know that I normally don't care
- about other people's businesses.
- I do.
But no matter how hard I think about it,
I just can't understand you two.
Why can't you openly date him?
Frankly speaking, he's not your own
brother and neither of you are married.
What's the problem?
Let's just say
I'm taking moral responsibility.
Am I supposed to laugh at that?
I guess that's better than crying over it.
Gosh.
Anyhow...
You're saying that he's someone
who's worth all this trouble, right?
Is he that great?
Yes, he's greater than great.
You just don't know when to stop, do you?
- To be honest...
- What?
You know,
every time I see him,
my heart just races.
And I get that warm fuzzy feeling
right inside here.
- Have you ever felt that way?
- Let's see. You must have
a problem with your heart.
Look at you getting all mushy.
Gosh.
I never knew
that I would ever be involved in
someone's relationship like this.
I never thought that I would ever
talk about something like this with you.
Life is so unpredictable, you know.
Now that we are in it together,
can I borrow your phone?
Here.
Gosh.
Do you like him that much?
- "Ms. Tambourine's boyfriend"?
- I'll change it. I was going to change it.
Change it.
I will change it.
I'm not Ms. Geum.
Guess who I am.
Yes, it's Jin-a.
I'm sorry.
- You're working? Okay.
- I'm leaving.
Let's go get a new phone after the meal.
I can wait few more days.
I don't really need it
since I'm always at the store.
It's nice
that I don't have to answer crank calls.
- Then what about me?
- What?
We see each other almost every day.
We can set up a time to meet
the day before.
What if something comes up
or we miss each other?
It's too inconvenient.
Okay, I'll buy one.
I'll go with you and buy you one.
No, don't bother. I can get it myself.
How about a glass of wine?
Right, you have to pull
an all-nighter tonight.
That doesn't matter, but I have to drive.
- I see.
- I'll give you a ride home.
No, I'll take the subway.
Well,
we might run into my mom.
We have to be careful.
And...
it's such a nuisance
since you have to drive all the way
back to work after dropping me off.
And it's not even late, so don't worry.
Is there something you're not telling me?
Not at all!
Why?
Why would I hide anything from you?
Besides, it's not like you can't tell
when I hide something from you.
Right, I can tell.
Just take a taxi.
The subway is more convenient.
- You're so stubborn.
- Let me have my way, will you?
I always do.
No.
No one's looking. And who cares?
Stop it.
As soon as you get home--
Yes, I'll call you. All right.
Get home safely.
You're still here.
Do you know how many years
I've been commuting by subway?
I can go home with my eyes closed.
Take my phone.
I'll call you from my work phone.
Seriously...
That way, I won't worry.
But what if Gyeong-seon calls?
Just don't answer it.
Well, you can just turn it off
after talking to me if you're worried.
Then what if a girl calls?
Do you think I'm an amateur?
I've already told everyone not to call.
Really? Then I'll delete
every single girl's number on your phone.
Wait, give me back my phone for a second.
- You've lost your chance.
- What?
- Give it back.
- I'm curious to see how many there are.
Bye.
Why did we stop?
Let's go.
- Did you just take a photo of me?
- No.
Give me your phone.
What do you want my phone for?
Give it to me before I beat you up.
Did you use to be a bully?
Stop joking and give me your phone.
I know you took a photo.
Why would I take a photo of you drooling?
If you upload that photo,
you'll go to jail for defamation
and violating my right of publicity.
My gosh,
no one will be interested in it anyway.
You must think you're really pretty.
You'd better start treating me
with respect since I'm older.
I keep using my age
to my benefit, don't I?
I'm glad you know.
I can only act this way around you.
Thanks for today.
I'll treat you to a meal when I have time.
See you.
Why did I act like such an idiot?
I want to erase all those memories
from my brain!
I'm an idiot.
You've been through a lot of heartache
because of me.
Yes, I have.
You always do the things
that I tell you not to do.
I'm not that bad--
You always think and worry
about something
that hasn't even happened yet
and put yourself down.
So you think
that I only do such stupid things?
But why do I still like you?
Because you've fallen
for my irresistible charm?
- Bye.
- Hello?
What...
What? He actually hung up on me.
My gosh, I can't believe he did that.
SISTER
What should I do?
Yes.
Hello?
- It's me. You can talk.
- How did you know that it was me?
Gyeong-seon?
Look at you.
Who were you flirting with this time?
Seung-cheol called me at work
a few minutes ago.
I thought it was him again.
You should be careful.
There's another one
who has a crush on you
besides Kang Se-yeong.
That's no news to me.
Every lady in this building
has a crush on me.
That's not true. Jin-a doesn't.
Right, she's the only exception.
By the way,
why didn't you pick up your cell phone?
That's why I called you at work.
I guess I left it somewhere.
It's probably in the meeting room.
I don't expect you to be sweet to me.
At least answer my calls
and let me know that you're alive.
All right. Stay alive until I get home.
I'll try.
Gosh, that totally startled me.
Did Jin-a...
Look at that. She follows my advice
on things like this.
I feel like they'll know who wrote what
even if we submit it anonymously.
I think so too.
Do you think it'll really be okay
to write the assailant's name?
I guess it means we won't have to face
any consequences.
EMPLOYEE SATISFACTION
AND WORKPLACE DISCRIMINATION SURVEY
GOLF LESSON: HOW TO GET OUT
OF THE BUNKER EASILY
MY DELICIOUS LIFE
Why are we doing this all of a sudden?
You can't say that.
You're the one who instigated all this.
Goodbye.
I was just trying to hint
that they should know when to stop
since they were constantly
crossing the line.
Still, it all started with you.
What matters is
whether you're going to become a hero
or a rebel after this.
I guess that means I'm the one
to blame for whatever happens.
By the way,
you're awfully close
with Bo-ra these days.
I heard you guys even went on a trip.
Did you promise her
that you'll set her up with Jun-hui?
Gosh, it was just a spontaneous getaway.
Why did you have to go with her?
You guys were never that close.
Calm down.
I have no intention to meddle in
other people's relationships.
Even if you did,
it wouldn't have been of much help.
Remember how I thought about
asking you to help me out?
Jun-hui's older sister told me
that their parents care a lot
about the other person's background.
They want him to date
someone from a prestigious family.
I didn't really care much,
but it still wasn't pleasant to hear.
Are they from a really rich family
or something?
What do their parents do?
I don't know. I'm curious too.
It's late.
Where are you going at this hour?
Why aren't you answering me?
- Tell me.
- I'll tell you when I get back.
Why can't you tell me now?
You act as if you're off
to do something grand.
Are you going to be late?
Call me if you're going to come home late.
Call me.
Welcome.
The guy you've been describing...
Are you talking about Jun-hui?
I don't know what his name is.
He's Seung-ho's friend,
the guy I met at your place.
He's Jin-a's boyfriend,
and I heard it directly from Jin-a.
- Bye.
- See you.
Bye.
What are you doing here?
You know why I'm here.
You know you are not in a position
to talk to me like that,
don't you?
Are we going to talk here?
So, what's your point?
Why did you want to see me?
I want your apology.
You treated me like
I was the only one at fault.
I want you to apologize to me for that.
I do not think
I owe you an apology.
You heard me.
Jin-a has been seeing someone else too.
But you cheated on her first.
- She has every right to date someone else.
- Well, yes. You have a point.
But she's dating her brother's friend.
Are you okay with that?
I'm actually happy for them.
I've known him since he was little,
so he's like a son to me.
And I know how diligent and kind he is.
So I'm more than happy that a guy like him
is Jin-a's boyfriend.
We always treated him like family,
so Jin-a must've kept it a secret
because she didn't want to startle us.
Thank you for coming all the way here
to tell me the news.
Are you getting a kick out of this?
Why are you all quiet? Where are you?
Where are you?
Why aren't you answering me?
I'm with a friend.
- I didn't drink a lot.
- Come home soon.
Well, I'm going to sleep
at the office tonight.
Don't goof around and work.
All right.
Good night.
You'd better answer me honestly
without leaving out any details.
I wouldn't have come here
if I wasn't going to do so.
When did it start?
Why is that important?
Just answer my question.
You have no right to talk back to me.
What did I do wrong?
Dating your older sister?
Would it have been okay if I were older?
You're against it because it's me.
You just can't approve of me.
What's your reason?
Don't you know the reason?
No, I don't.
Are you out of your mind?
Don't you know what you mean
to my parents?
What do I mean to them?
A son.
Listen, you idiot.
What's Jin-a to my parents?
She's their daughter.
Then let me ask you this.
What about Gyeong-seon?
It doesn't matter
whether you two aren't related by blood
or it's not legally wrong
for you to be together.
Why does it have to be Jin-a?
You can easily date someone else.
There are so many women around you.
Why does it have to be my sister?
- Because it's Jin-a.
- Gosh.
Are you joking with me now?
Do I look like I'm joking?
Fine. Try all you want, but just know
that you two can't be together.
I won't give up
no matter what you say or do.
I absolutely can't give up on Jin-a.
I came here to tell you that.
Hey.
Do you think Gyeong-seon
will be okay with it?
Do you think she'll approve of it?
- If she doesn't, it is what it is.
- My gosh.
You've completely lost your mind.
What are you guys going to do now?
Are you worried about us?
Cut the crap, you nutjob.
You can lose it and go bonkers.
Just take it all out on me, not her.
Do me a favor, please.
Don't give her a hard time.
Are you going back to school--
Gosh, dude.
Let's go to a quiet place
if you're going to punch me.
You nutjob.
I swear I'm going to kill you
if you break Jin-a's heart.
That will never happen.
Don't laugh, you prick.
Do you want to get punched?
No.
Gosh, that nutjob...
Seung-ho, wait up.
Hey.
Oh, no.
- Your mom must have sent you.
- Yes, she did.
I called because he drank a lot
by himself.
My gosh.
- Dad.
- Oh, my.
Dad!
- Yes?
- You've been drinking alone?
Come on, wake up.
- It's my daughter.
- Why did you drink so much?
Why are you sleeping here?
Let's go home.
- Did something happen?
- What's the matter, Dad?
- What's wrong?
- Nothing. I'm just...
I'm just happy, that's all.
My daughter...
I'm so happy to see my daughters.
- I'm...
- Gosh.
I'm so...
Okay, I heard you. Let's go home now.
Mom will nag you like crazy again.
Gosh, seriously.
Did you finish three bottles by yourself?
Be careful.
- I'm fine.
- Be careful.
- You should put your jacket on first.
- Okay.
That drunkard, he kills me.
- Dad.
- Tell me
I can't tell
whether he's in a good mood or not.
- Gosh, Dad.
- What I should do
You drunkard. Have you lost your mind?
What the heck are you doing at this hour?
My wife!
Gosh, you reek of alcohol.
How much did you drink?
- Goodness. Stand up straight.
- Mi-yeon!
I'll...
- I'll be good to you.
- Gosh.
I'm telling you.
I'll be very good to you, okay?
Stop it.
He drank by himself.
- Gosh, he'll fall. Mr. Yoon, wait up.
- Tell me
- What's with him?
- What I should do
Where did he go today?
- He didn't tell me anything.
- Tell me
Who the heck did he meet?
He really kills me.
- What I should do
- Gosh, what's up with him today?
Yes, come in.
I confirmed that there is a survey
going around for the female employees.
But the results haven't been submitted
to Mr. Jo yet.
Why did you have to...
My gosh.
You see, you should really try
not to cross the line
whether during a team dinner
or whatever else.
All employees should respect each other.
Wouldn't that be ideal?
You cross the line every time you drink.
Are you incapable
of holding yourself back?
About the business trip too.
I specifically asked you, didn't I?
All you had to do was
give them an impression
that we care for them
since they are my relatives.
You should've just had a meal together
and said nice things to flatter them.
I told you numerous times.
- Well, that was--
- What are you going to do now?
Mr. Nam, I won't make excuses
for other things,
but about the business trip...
I treated Ms. Yoon like that
because you told me
to take them out for a drink.
Stop putting words in my mouth.
Did I tell you to bring Ms. Yoon with you?
I never even mentioned her name.
What the hell are you talking about?
How are things with the female employees?
They seem a bit confused
as this has never happened before.
Then I guess we can't expect
credible results.
There are some who are trying
to voice their opinions.
Like you are?
I've only been a bystander all along.
I value your opinion more than others'.
It's an honor, sir.
Hi. Any luck today?
Wow, is that true?
I'll have to fish there sometime.
Enjoying a fancy dinner?
I guess I pay you more than enough.
Well, it's...
Mr. Kong, is something bothering you?
Yes.
Oh, nothing.
- Dong-u.
- Yes?
Did you hear anything
from the female employees?
Didn't you know?
They don't even make eye contact
with male employees these days.
Okay.
Well...
After work,
how about we have dinner together?
Good.
Why did he show up?
He wants to buy me dinner.
So you'll have dinner with him?
It seems like
he wants to tell me something.
Tell you what?
Say no. Turn him down.
I can't do that.
Why are you getting upset?
How can I not be when you're having
dinner with that pervert?
Okay. I'll get it over with quickly.
Why can't you just tell me you won't go?
You really don't listen to me.
But don't go somewhere too far.
Send me the address when you get there.
I don't have a phone.
Okay, I'll figure something out.
That's why I told you I'll buy you one.
You're at it again.
I get it.
Okay.
My goodness.
I should definitely buy you a meal.
- Go on, help yourself.
- Yes, sir.
- You should have some too, Mr. Kong.
- Okay.
Aren't you going to have a drink?
Would you like some, Ms. Yoon?
No, sir. I was only asking about you.
I don't really feel like drinking.
- Here. Have this.
- Thank you.
Well, did Mr. Nam send you here?
No, not at all.
I've always wanted
to treat you to a nice meal
and I finally found the time today.
And you worked really hard
when we went on that business trip.
That's why.
Well...
Yes, sir.
It's just that...
There is a survey going around
only for female employees, did you know?
Yes, sir. I got one too.
I see. Did you write anything?
I don't think I'm going to.
Since there are too many things to write,
and I'm not good at putting
my thoughts down on paper,
I'm considering reporting things verbally.
- Excuse me. I have to use the restroom.
- Sure.
- Are you ready to order?
- This will get burnt.
Excuse me.
Were you that worried about me?
You didn't have to come.
Then why did you send me the address
and the phone number of this place?
- I came because I missed you.
- Too late.
I'll sit next to you in there.
What?
Stop fooling around.
I can't stand him
sitting right across from you.
I'm going to get out of there soon.
Be patient.
I'll think about it.
You'd better listen to me
while I ask nicely.
Gosh.
Thank you for the dinner, sir.
It's nothing.
I'll treat you to something
better and fancier next time.
You don't have to.
I don't feel comfortable,
and this is more than enough.
Ms. Yoon.
I am in a position
where I have to consider other people,
and I can't take sides.
So if...
If I have ever disappointed you
in any way,
please try to understand my situation.
Feel free to confront me
whenever you need to.
I'm a bit taken aback
as I didn't expect you to tell me this.
Talking about unexpected change,
you've changed a lot.
I'm not the only one who feels this way.
It's like you're a different person
these days.
Didn't anyone say this to you?
Some people did.
See?
While we're on the subject, tell me.
Why did you change so suddenly?
I wanted to help someone.
All this time,
I didn't realize my worth.
But I met someone who treasures me
more than I treasure myself
and tries to protect me.
And I decided to help that person.
I should care for myself
so that that person would worry less
and feel at ease.
I used your phone for a bit.
Mine is broken, you know.
You should get it repaired
or buy a new one.
I will get one soon.
Are you okay? I heard you were in bed
all day because you were hungover.
I'm better now.
That's a relief.
Is there anything you want to tell me?
No.
You can tell me anything.
I'm ready to listen whatever it may be.
You don't need to get yourself ready
for it.
I asked you last time
to wait a little longer.
For now,
that's all I can say to you.
Okay. Talk to me when you want to.
I'll go to my room.
What should I do?
Oh, my.
My goodness.
Why are you going that way?
There's a store at the intersection.
I need to take my car.
If it weren't...
If it weren't for the account transfer
of your phone,
you wouldn't have called me, would you?
- Isn't that the normal thing to do?
- Why?
Because your young boyfriend
might get jealous?
Don't bring him up.
Gosh, why can't I even talk about him?
What's so great about him?
Is he from a rich family?
Of all the guys you could've met,
how could you date your brother's friend?
The store will close soon.
I really need to get this done
as soon as possible, so let's go.
Jun-hui.
Jun-hui, it's me.
I just wanted to record you something
since I have your phone with me.
Thank you.
Thank you for caring about me
and loving me.
I didn't know
that I could be loved so much by someone.
You probably don't know
how grateful and happy I am
these days.
I'm also learning a lot from you.
I learned
that love is about giving your all
to that one special person
to the best of your abilities.
That's why when someone's in love,
they should love like you do.
Jun-hui.
I love you
with all my heart.
I will love you for a long time.
Where are we going?
Tell me where we are going!
Hey.
Jun-hui.
Jun-hui, it's me.
Hey, what are you doing?
Have you lost your mind?
Stop the car.
Stop the car right now!
Don't do this.
Gyu-min, please don't do this.
What are you trying to do?
What do you want?
I'm going to die.
I'm going to die with you.
Come on, move. Move.
Get out of the way.
I was sure that something had happened.
- I hoped that I'd be wrong.
- Jin-a, where are you right now?
I regretted it so much.
I should've gone to pick you up.
I shouldn't have left you alone.
Honestly, imagine if it were us.
Will you let Jin-a marry into that family?
I don't want to hide our relationship
anymore.
Let's make it public before we get caught.
I'm here to meet my boyfriend.
Oh, I see.
I'm dating Jun-hui.
I couldn't stop.
Go kill yourself! I'm really sorry.
You must be very happy.
- I really am. It's almost intimidating.
- Stop it.
If I keep hiding behind you,
she'll be even more disappointed in me.
I'll love you longer,
and I'll love you more.
Subtitle translation by Choi Hyeon-ju